If you have enrolled in this module,
then you are likely to be a Supervisor or Department Official at VA.
Or you may work in Human Resources.
Or perhaps in addition to your regular position at VA,
you have taken on the responsibilities of a Union
Representative for NAGE as either an Officer or a Steward.
For the purposes of this training,
you are considered to be a "Master Agreement Practitioner."
With the knowledge gained by completing the VA-NAGE Master
Agreement Curriculum, you will be better able to interpret and
provide guidance on the articles,
as well as recognize situations when you might need to reach out
to other Master Agreement experts for help in using them.